c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe.config
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).pdb
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal_Network__Server_.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).pdb
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork_Server.ServerForm.resources
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe.config
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).pdb
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe.config
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).pdb
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork_Server.ServerForm.resources
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal_Network__Server_.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\obj\Debug\Socal Network (Server).csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).exe
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\Socal Network (Server).pdb
C:\Users\Mohammad\Documents\GitHub\SocialNetwork\Socal Network (Server)\Socal Network (Server)\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
